[Doc-72] YBA P99 latencies using slow queries dashboard (#18544)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/alerts-monitoring/slow-queries-dashboard.md

The following table describes the **Slow Queries** column values.

| Column | Description |
| :----- | :---------- |

> | Query | The query command.<br>Example: `select * from my_keyspace.my_table` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Query | The query command.<br>For example, `select * from my_keyspace.my_table` |
```

| Database | The YSQL database used by the query. |
| User | The name of role used to access YSQL database. |
| Count/ Total count | The total number of times this type of query has executed. |
| Total time | The total duration (in milliseconds) this query has taken. |
| Rows | The total number of database table rows returned across all iterations of this query |
| Avg Exec Time | Average or mean execution time (in milliseconds) for this query. |
| Min Exec Time | Minimum execution time (in milliseconds) for this query. |
| Max Exec Time | Maximum execution time (in milliseconds) for this query. |
| Std Dev Time | Standard deviation of execution times for this query. |
| Temp Tables RAM | Memory used by temporary tables generated from query. |
| P25 Latency | Latency with its 25th percentile. |
| P50 Latency | Latency with its 50th percentile. |
| P90 Latency | Latency with its 90th percentile. |
| P95 Latency | Latency with its 95th percentile. |
| P99 Latency | Latency with its 99th percentile. |

You can use the **Slow Queries** dashboard as follows:

> - Navigate to the **Universes**, select your universe, then select **Queries > Slow Queries**, as per the following illustration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to **Universes**, select your universe, then select **Queries > Slow Queries**, as per the following illustration:
```

  ![Initial layout](/images/yp/alerts-monitoring/slow-queries/initial-table-view.png)

  Note that you might need to enable query monitoring for your universe. If enabled, using **Column Display** allows you to dynamically display specific fields, as per the following illustration:

  ![Changing column selection](/images/yp/alerts-monitoring/slow-queries/selecting-columns.png)

- Click the filter field to be able to use a query language for filtering data based on certain fields, as per the following illustration:

  ![Search dropdown options](/images/yp/alerts-monitoring/slow-queries/search-dropdown-options.png)

  Use filtering for comparisons on numbers columns (`Avg Time`) using `>`, `>=`, `<`, and `<=` to search for values that are greater than, greater than or equal to, less than, and less than or equal to another value (`Avg Time: < 30`). You can also use the range syntax `n..m` to search for values within a range, where the first number `n` is the lowest value and the second number `m` is the highest value. The range syntax supports tokens like the following: `n..*` which is equivalent to `>= n`. Or `*..n` which is the same as `<= n`.

> - Select a row to open a right sidebar (**Query Details**) with a full view of the query statement, along with all the column data, including the Response Time Percentile and [Latency histogram](../../../yugabyte-platform/alerts-monitoring/latency-histogram/) Details as per the following illustrations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a row to open the **Query Details** with a full view of the query statement, along with all the column data, including the Response Time Percentile and [Latency histogram](../../../yugabyte-platform/alerts-monitoring/latency-histogram/).
```

  ![View query statement](/images/yp/alerts-monitoring/slow-queries/query-info-panel.png)

  ![View query details](/images/yp/alerts-monitoring/slow-queries/query-details-panel.png)

  You can find additional prefiltered navigation links from different pages to the **Slow Queries** page. For example, from the **Overview** page to the **Queries** page, when you click the link to Top SQL Statements, as per the following illustration:

  ![Overview page showing slow queries](/images/yp/alerts-monitoring/slow-queries/overview-showing-link.png)

>   Or, for example, the **Nodes** page's each node **Actions** contains a link to the **Slow Queries** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can also access slow queries from each node in the **Nodes** page by clicking its **Actions** button.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Comment for line 26-39:
In the above table, can we update the column names to match the field names in the new query info side panel:
![image](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/assets/88681329/ffbab16b-51da-4a2e-9d9a-9a3004c94a67)
